Hi everyone, I came to make a video today.
by the Fourth of the Law many
girls have been asking I was waiting
to get there, do not go
and arrived just doing nothing party
finally
so let's go now is the gateway
her room
think of a little table here biscuit and the
two kitchens are the idea opening it here
we find in the vision that people
this is what're
we enter here what's in the kitchen
this snow white toy box
her walk down here I
I have toys and toys.
mickey's house toy organizer
Low barbie barbie barbie doll
also a chicken
here your clique kitchen that is only
thing is hair she won the area
rated hidden friend that we made
here in the side group face the chap
brushes mirror and prost if a lot
I'll put everything in there.
briefcase there was a closet mobile is
so her wardrobe and here's the
side
my son so these two books only
puts some books that's what I read
With her she plays but I would keep
new it can handle all the time
Hardy, nothing stays on this little pink rose here.
low but here are more sensitive and
everything then I would keep but she plays
There's a little doll here too.
is the panel to put the tv and here the bench
her, that in the future will be the bench
but for the time being it has decoration
dolls have this picture that I love
first year, right?
the month of photos a month to make a
year
I love her little things.
are the pollens passionate about pune
these boxes all here until this
redhead that are hair things
her and everything on the counter and
over there
When she asks me, I'll get her.
jokes and then back to the place is
always so decorating right but when she
it plays strip as countertop
herself
then put in place
the line walks away
the princesses are toys
Ok, that's it girls
This is the fourth room I hope so much.
that you liked
do not forget to sign up for the
daun joinha there to help in the dissemination
from the video
A kiss, bye, bye.